Documents/After Church Description Next.md, before:

# After Church Next

Infortunate Electrified Moments. Memes, Parcels, Social Aid Loots (Bantuan Sosial), N95 Maskers, Vaccines, Potions, etc. I found in Misfortune's Inventory.

Intro: TheFatRat - Electrified  
[Video](https://youtu.be/p-LOXXGGeAc )  
[Links Electrified](https://lnk.to/electrified )

# Swift way to make videos
Here's how you make videos and upload it to video networks! I use LBRY to upload the video. And YouTube too.

Edited: https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ForTutorialSwiftWayToMakeVid:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb

Raw: https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/For_tutorial-RAW-fidget_hexagon:1?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb 



# Pinball Spring Variations
Variations of Kevin Macleod - Pinball Spring  
MEME MEEM Various

Pinball Spring by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/4218-pinball-spring
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Pinball Spring 160 by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/4217-pinball-spring-160
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

# No Comment claims:
song: Bounce Ball by Twin Musicon (twinmusicom.org)

Why no comment?!
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/YouTube-Is-Communist-Bandits:3?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Infortunate-Minecraft-Llittle-Misfortune-house-scene-replica:2?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Unlocking-All-Patreon-Posts:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/HowToRecentlyDLtheFatRatSongs:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- etc.

Bounce game (c) Nokia, Rovio \[100%\]

# How did I get all the Ubuntu sounds?
get Ubuntu at https://ubuntu.com  
install it at the second drive, second partition, or in a container a.k.a. Virtual Machine. figure out how you take out the file. sorry for not having the tutorial right now.

Questions from https://askubuntu.com/questions/138760/how-do-i-change-the-start-up-sound 
It was in here: `/usr/share/sounds/`

Now you see bunch of Folders here.

Version history: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_version_history  
Today, as of Ubuntu 19.04 and up I think..., the theme sound is at folder `Yaru`. idk why is named that. is it because it was theme of `Yaru` in this Gnome Desktop? idk.

you can `cp /usr/share/sounds/Yaru /media/yourUsername/C_drive/To/where/youd/like/to/put/these-at`. Basically, Right Click, copy `Yaru` folder here, to wherever you'd like the folder be placed. **Copy the folder! not Cut!**. Even you hate Linux. Please Unhate Linux and hate proprietarism, expensivism, and partialism instead.

surprise surprise! **It has a brand new startup sound!!** and again, is unused. I do not want to use sound player invokes at startup for sake of *enabling startup sound*, that's stupid nowadays I think. Must be there a config file here to let these on, maybe using `Debconf`, tweakers or something registry editor idk.  
btw here's how to enable startup sound [here](https://askubuntu.com/questions/258589/how-do-i-enable-system-sounds )

.

To me, it's unpleasant for Linux is not known for their sound unlike Windows does for their signature sounds. what the peck?

..

btw, you'd like to take all sounds in that Linux installation? go ahead! it's yours too. nobody have right to sue you for using it, but Remember! **credit is more respectful than not.**

# Coffiner. Coffin Dance in Minecraft
Original video: https://youtu.be/lnGORTfnIb8
Better Original video: https://youtu.be/WEfbEIq_Pyo

I also had discovered if you face the observer sensor each other, then the update will keep blinking going.

**use TheFatRat - Electrified to replace proprietary Astronomia!**

# Replace Astronomia with TheFatRat - Electrified

https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Astronomia-Replacer:e?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb

# How did I make COffin Dancer?
take a look at header `Coffiner`. I had learnt from that video! the better one. original one might be the same.

# Compilations of Creative Commons Stuffs
Takes two h1 (single hashtag header) headers bellow!

Song: KODOMOi - Cloudy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZeD0G5XW10

Please! My game is open source! GNU GPL v3 ! and I always credit and link even public domain assets!  
Let me insert these songs to my game, without me have to buying license! STOnP! do not succ my monet! PLeans!  
NO SUE!!! **AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!**


# Top YouTube Videos that are licensed any Creative Commons I found

Number 15, :
- https://youtu.be/3viekW3AnRA (IT'S SIR PELO!! **AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA**)
- https://youtu.be/lnGORTfnIb8 (Use TheFatRat - Electrified to replace proprietary Astronomia!)

AAAA
# Memes in everything world
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes

Images:
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Samuel_Johnson_by_Joshua_Reynolds_2.jpg Public Domain
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Samuel_Johnson_by_Joshua_Reynolds_2.png Public Domain
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Advice_pie.svg CC3.0-BY-SA
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Farmer_meme.jpg Public Domain
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:A_Student_Wearing_An_Internet_Meme.jpg CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:Wikipedia_meme_vector_version.svg CC3.0-BY-SA
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:Typical_internet_meme_image_format.svg Public Domain
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:WikiMeme_Dank.jpg CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:Open_access_meme.gif CC0
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme CC3.0-BY-SA
- https://creativecommons.org/ CC4.0-BY
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hummingbird.jpg CC0
- https://unsplash.com/photos/19SC2oaVZW0/ CC0
- https://www.flickr.com/photos/wocintechchat/22543250971/ CC2.0-BY
- https://github.com/Perkedel/After-Church/tree/master/RAW%20files CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/tree/master/Inkscape/PostingImage CC4.0-BY-SA (The game development codings are GNU GPL v3)
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/SLABAZZ:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ReduceAirPolutionPostering:c?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Astronomia-Replacer:e?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/bla-bla-mcworld:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- lbry://@JOELwindows7#a/bla-bla-mcworld#9 CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Infortunate-Minecraft-Llittle-Misfortune-house-scene-replica:2?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/EverythingChangeWhenRadialBlurNationAttacks:6?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Perkedel_custom-SpaicyFruit-PumpkinApple:0?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA (Hi, LoulouVZ! Hi Spaicy!)
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Inkscape/PostingImage/CreepyEmojiDude_VibeCheck.svg CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/InvitationMoveToLBRY:8?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/IsneezedOhIamNotAllowedToSyuh:3?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ThermallyShocking:3?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Your-Content-is-not-original-stop:c?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Inkscape/PostingImage/Seeks-Nayn-Thumbnail.svg CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Zetreng:5?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA  
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/SOSIG:a?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Crossout-40-minutes-Side-Mission-Transcoded:a?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Inkscape/PostingImage/HexagonEngine_ad_CinemaEntersGameConsole.svg CC4.0-BY-SA [itch (GNU GPL v3)](https://joelwindows7.itch.io/hexagon-engine?secret=8DRej5vqw5nRRGnxZ6I04sNKo )
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/IAmSpadeAndIHaveBeenMisunderstoodRacistly:d?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Ball-fire-extinguisher:4?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- lbry://@JOELwindows7#a/Ball-fire-extinguisher#4 CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Symmetrical_5-set_Venn_diagram.svg CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-gray-cat-looking-up-against-black-background-730896/ CC0
- https://www.pexels.com/creative-commons-images/ Info of Free to use license
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/tree/master/Blender/ExportBlender CC4.0-BY-SA (Game code is GNU GPL v3)
- http://fav.me/ddpxm4h CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ChristmasTreeButTheLeavesAreFurs:1?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA


# Spoiler Alert!
Following product is ineligible for Anti-spoiler prevention due to violation of certain rule and will be shown here:
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MDS_wPoRt8

Miscelaneous Spoiler ft. Perkedel Cinematic Universe:
- Misfortune's index of happiness is beyond Finland in total (7.769, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Happiness_Report as of 29 May 2020 23.14 )!!! Wanna know? her score is 8164. Crazy! Wow. The Death Realm took care of Happiness here so well, than earth does! idk if you gonna be mad, but it's a fanfic idea, relax.
- Misfortune is the first citizen of Death realm to possess Netherite materials, even before snapshot 1.16 was a thing!!!
- Misfortune is the first Swedish to experience HP bar so-called "Undead mode", heart with infinity symbol on it. This is survival mode where essentially you cannot die even the HP is 0. It is unlike HP 0 sensor & undying like it does on most multiplayer servers, however. This one is single player compatible and works out of the box.
- I don't like (& hate it when) Misfortune being litterally ***Unfortunate***. So I just give her litterally every **Lucky 🍀** things (from this day of Death Realm) so she's not so **bad luck** after all. Despite at 16 Sparkles, it may not help so much, even finally had another child named Dito (boy). Tragic death (non-age death) to me, always reduce hearts into atoms. poof! 💔 
- I injected the resurrection to Misfortune couple days ago. I set timeline at virtual 25 September 2019. and then brought entire Openfield villager to Dasandim before the pandemic starts in late December 2019. fanfic yeah!
- Grevor teleported Fran Bow into the resurrector machine room during the resurrector annual maintenance. He just found easy to resurrect spirit and found Fran Bow because she's *Alive and Aliven't*. The location is the same, Death Realm.
- Ary will be released in 28 July 2020. We hope Valdi is not on earth. Not funny if it is. Today, N95 masks are scarce.. yess. and I don't want to risk outsiding.
- https://fran-bow.fandom.com/wiki/Fran_Bow_Dagenhart
- https://littlemisfortune.fandom.com/wiki/Callista_Ramirez_Hernandez (How did you figure out this event? I think 16 sparkles wasn't helping for long..)
- https://littlemisfortune.fandom.com/wiki/Misfortune_Ramirez_Hernandez (Apparently, the laziness was found when the name is not following -son prefix of Sweden naming law).
- We injected better raise up adoption mod during Death realm, as well as if on earth, the school bully may exist. However, this mod is not a Forge, not ModLoader, not Fabric, not Bukkit Plugin, not Datapack, neither of all.
- https://littlemisfortune.fandom.com/wiki/Mr._Voice (This guy steals children on Pandora)
- Aha! I know. the end of Morgo's game were now in 2009, right? right?? ***➡?!?!?!?!*** idk. which figures the bad end where this mother decided to `/kill` (just like that and Enter) or whatever measure it takes if you forgot to sparkle 16 objects. **👉?** And.. otherwise if you did 16 sparkles, `/kill` weren't happened. idk.
- Supernova GIMP light flare effect


# Ok no spoiler this time.
- A hat in time. http://hatintime.com/
- Ary & The Secret of Seasons. https://ary-game.com/

# Strand link
https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Ender_Chest#Usage

# Great Luck, God Bless You.
Stay at home, **be creative**.

# u 
double, triple, quadruple, pentruple, sixtuple, septuble, aaaaaaaaa, octrupble, nonuple, dektruple, uuuuu

Commit message:

Nezuko
Accidentally made Tanjiro box bar reference of Olive Checkerbox effect and colored it green  like Tanjiro's Jacket color

Documents/After Church Description Next.md, after:

# After Church Next

Infortunate Electrified Moments. Memes, Parcels, Social Aid Loots (Bantuan Sosial), N95 Maskers, Vaccines, Potions, etc. I found in Misfortune's Inventory.

Intro: TheFatRat - Electrified  
[Video](https://youtu.be/p-LOXXGGeAc )  
[Links Electrified](https://lnk.to/electrified )

# Swift way to make videos
Here's how you make videos and upload it to video networks! I use LBRY to upload the video. And YouTube too.

Edited: https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ForTutorialSwiftWayToMakeVid:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb

Raw: https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/For_tutorial-RAW-fidget_hexagon:1?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb 



# Pinball Spring Variations
Variations of Kevin Macleod - Pinball Spring  
MEME MEEM Various

Pinball Spring by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/4218-pinball-spring
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Pinball Spring 160 by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/4217-pinball-spring-160
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

# No Comment claims:
song: Bounce Ball by Twin Musicon (twinmusicom.org)

Why no comment?!
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/YouTube-Is-Communist-Bandits:3?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Infortunate-Minecraft-Llittle-Misfortune-house-scene-replica:2?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Unlocking-All-Patreon-Posts:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/HowToRecentlyDLtheFatRatSongs:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb
- etc.

Bounce game (c) Nokia, Rovio \[100%\]

# How did I get all the Ubuntu sounds?
get Ubuntu at https://ubuntu.com  
install it at the second drive, second partition, or in a container a.k.a. Virtual Machine. figure out how you take out the file. sorry for not having the tutorial right now.

Questions from https://askubuntu.com/questions/138760/how-do-i-change-the-start-up-sound 
It was in here: `/usr/share/sounds/`

Now you see bunch of Folders here.

Version history: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_version_history  
Today, as of Ubuntu 19.04 and up I think..., the theme sound is at folder `Yaru`. idk why is named that. is it because it was theme of `Yaru` in this Gnome Desktop? idk.

you can `cp /usr/share/sounds/Yaru /media/yourUsername/C_drive/To/where/youd/like/to/put/these-at`. Basically, Right Click, copy `Yaru` folder here, to wherever you'd like the folder be placed. **Copy the folder! not Cut!**. Even you hate Linux. Please Unhate Linux and hate proprietarism, expensivism, and partialism instead.

surprise surprise! **It has a brand new startup sound!!** and again, is unused. I do not want to use sound player invokes at startup for sake of *enabling startup sound*, that's stupid nowadays I think. Must be there a config file here to let these on, maybe using `Debconf`, tweakers or something registry editor idk.  
btw here's how to enable startup sound [here](https://askubuntu.com/questions/258589/how-do-i-enable-system-sounds )

.

To me, it's unpleasant for Linux is not known for their sound unlike Windows does for their signature sounds. what the peck?

..

btw, you'd like to take all sounds in that Linux installation? go ahead! it's yours too. nobody have right to sue you for using it, but Remember! **credit is more respectful than not.**

# Coffiner. Coffin Dance in Minecraft
Original video: https://youtu.be/lnGORTfnIb8
Better Original video: https://youtu.be/WEfbEIq_Pyo

I also had discovered if you face the observer sensor each other, then the update will keep blinking going.

**use TheFatRat - Electrified to replace proprietary Astronomia!**

# Replace Astronomia with TheFatRat - Electrified

https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Astronomia-Replacer:e?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb

# How did I make COffin Dancer?
take a look at header `Coffiner`. I had learnt from that video! the better one. original one might be the same.

# Compilations of Creative Commons Stuffs
Takes two h1 (single hashtag header) headers bellow!

Song: KODOMOi - Cloudy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZeD0G5XW10

Please! My game is open source! GNU GPL v3 ! and I always credit and link even public domain assets!  
Let me insert these songs to my game, without me have to buying license! STOnP! do not succ my monet! PLeans!  
NO SUE!!! **AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!**


# Top YouTube Videos that are licensed any Creative Commons I found

Number 15, :
- https://youtu.be/3viekW3AnRA (IT'S SIR PELO!! **AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA**)
- https://youtu.be/lnGORTfnIb8 (Use TheFatRat - Electrified to replace proprietary Astronomia!)

AAAA
# Memes in everything world
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes

Images:
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Samuel_Johnson_by_Joshua_Reynolds_2.jpg Public Domain
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Samuel_Johnson_by_Joshua_Reynolds_2.png Public Domain
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Advice_pie.svg CC3.0-BY-SA
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:Farmer_meme.jpg Public Domain
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Internet_memes#/media/File:A_Student_Wearing_An_Internet_Meme.jpg CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:Wikipedia_meme_vector_version.svg CC3.0-BY-SA
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:Typical_internet_meme_image_format.svg Public Domain
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:WikiMeme_Dank.jpg CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme#/media/File:Open_access_meme.gif CC0
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme CC3.0-BY-SA
- https://creativecommons.org/ CC4.0-BY
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hummingbird.jpg CC0
- https://unsplash.com/photos/19SC2oaVZW0/ CC0
- https://www.flickr.com/photos/wocintechchat/22543250971/ CC2.0-BY
- https://github.com/Perkedel/After-Church/tree/master/RAW%20files CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/tree/master/Inkscape/PostingImage CC4.0-BY-SA (The game development codings are GNU GPL v3)
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/SLABAZZ:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ReduceAirPolutionPostering:c?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Astronomia-Replacer:e?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/bla-bla-mcworld:9?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- lbry://@JOELwindows7#a/bla-bla-mcworld#9 CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Infortunate-Minecraft-Llittle-Misfortune-house-scene-replica:2?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/EverythingChangeWhenRadialBlurNationAttacks:6?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Perkedel_custom-SpaicyFruit-PumpkinApple:0?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA (Hi, LoulouVZ! Hi Spaicy!)
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Inkscape/PostingImage/CreepyEmojiDude_VibeCheck.svg CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/InvitationMoveToLBRY:8?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/IsneezedOhIamNotAllowedToSyuh:3?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ThermallyShocking:3?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Your-Content-is-not-original-stop:c?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Inkscape/PostingImage/Seeks-Nayn-Thumbnail.svg CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Zetreng:5?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA  
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/SOSIG:a?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Crossout-40-minutes-Side-Mission-Transcoded:a?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Inkscape/PostingImage/HexagonEngine_ad_CinemaEntersGameConsole.svg CC4.0-BY-SA [itch (GNU GPL v3)](https://joelwindows7.itch.io/hexagon-engine?secret=8DRej5vqw5nRRGnxZ6I04sNKo )
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/IAmSpadeAndIHaveBeenMisunderstoodRacistly:d?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Ball-fire-extinguisher:4?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- lbry://@JOELwindows7#a/Ball-fire-extinguisher#4 CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Symmetrical_5-set_Venn_diagram.svg CC4.0-BY-SA 
- https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-gray-cat-looking-up-against-black-background-730896/ CC0
- https://www.pexels.com/creative-commons-images/ Info of Free to use license
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/tree/master/Blender/ExportBlender CC4.0-BY-SA (Game code is GNU GPL v3)
- http://fav.me/ddpxm4h CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/ChristmasTreeButTheLeavesAreFurs:1?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://www.deviantart.com/joelwindows7/art/Ball-shaped-Fire-Extinguisher-829617429 CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/I-Want-To-Start-Momentum-of-Blender-2_81-Sculpting:b?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA 
- lbry://@JOELwindows7#a/I-Want-To-Start-Momentum-of-Blender-2_81-Sculpting#b CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Blender/ExportBlender/I-Wanted-To-Start-Sculpting-Blender-2_81.png
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/Antibody_Kinda:b?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/blob/master/Blender/ExportBlender/Antibody_Render.png CC4.0-BY-SA
- lbry://@JOELwindows7#a/Antibody_Kinda#b CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/AAAAAAAAAAAAAA:1?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA
- https://open.lbry.com/@JOELwindows7:a/EEEEEEEEEE:5?r=A17C6o74QvCNS1FeEqW6ny8MsCdgCfHb CC4.0-BY-SA


# Spoiler Alert!
Following product is ineligible for Anti-spoiler prevention due to violation of certain rule and will be shown here:
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MDS_wPoRt8

Miscelaneous Spoiler ft. Perkedel Cinematic Universe:
- Misfortune's index of happiness is beyond Finland in total (7.769, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Happiness_Report as of 29 May 2020 23.14 )!!! Wanna know? her score is 8164. Crazy! Wow. The Death Realm took care of Happiness here so well, than earth does! idk if you gonna be mad, but it's a fanfic idea, relax.
- Misfortune is the first citizen of Death realm to possess Netherite materials, even before snapshot 1.16 was a thing!!!
- Misfortune is the first Swedish to experience HP bar so-called "Undead mode", heart with infinity symbol on it. This is survival mode where essentially you cannot die even the HP is 0. It is unlike HP 0 sensor & undying like it does on most multiplayer servers, however. This one is single player compatible and works out of the box.
- I don't like (& hate it when) Misfortune being litterally ***Unfortunate***. So I just give her litterally every **Lucky 🍀** things (from this day of Death Realm) so she's not so **bad luck** after all. Despite at 16 Sparkles, it may not help so much, even finally had another child named Dito (boy). Tragic death (non-age death) to me, always reduce hearts into atoms. poof! 💔 
- I injected the resurrection to Misfortune couple days ago. I set timeline at virtual 25 September 2019. and then brought entire Openfield villager to Dasandim before the pandemic starts in late December 2019. fanfic yeah!
- Grevor teleported Fran Bow into the resurrector machine room during the resurrector annual maintenance. He just found easy to resurrect spirit and found Fran Bow because she's *Alive and Aliven't*. The location is the same, Death Realm.
- Ary will be released in 28 July 2020. We hope Valdi is not on earth. Not funny if it is. Today, N95 masks are scarce.. yess. and I don't want to risk outsiding.
- https://fran-bow.fandom.com/wiki/Fran_Bow_Dagenhart
- https://littlemisfortune.fandom.com/wiki/Callista_Ramirez_Hernandez (How did you figure out this event? I think 16 sparkles wasn't helping for long..)
- https://littlemisfortune.fandom.com/wiki/Misfortune_Ramirez_Hernandez (Apparently, the laziness was found when the name is not following -son prefix of Sweden naming law).
- We injected better raise up adoption mod during Death realm, as well as if on earth, the school bully may exist. However, this mod is not a Forge, not ModLoader, not Fabric, not Bukkit Plugin, not Datapack, neither of all.
- https://littlemisfortune.fandom.com/wiki/Mr._Voice (This guy steals children on Pandora)
- Aha! I know. the end of Morgo's game were now in 2009, right? right?? ***➡?!?!?!?!*** idk. which figures the bad end where this mother decided to `/kill` (just like that and Enter) or whatever measure it takes if you forgot to sparkle 16 objects. **👉?** And.. otherwise if you did 16 sparkles, `/kill` weren't happened. idk.
- Supernova GIMP light flare effect
- Misfortune's pounding heartbeat Steth Mic message: AAAAAAAAAA that's me!!! OH MY GOSH!!!! JAG ÄR BERÖMD!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
- use Yaru login sound 
- do it like Twitch Streamlabs donation ding 
- I know, the drawing is horrible. I was not supposed to draw 2D! I am supposed to draw 3D! yess.
- Error! NO Swedish language experience. Falling back to Google Translate.
- LWIAY


# Ok no spoiler this time.
- A hat in time. http://hatintime.com/
- Ary & The Secret of Seasons. https://ary-game.com/

# Strand link
https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Ender_Chest#Usage

# Great Luck, God Bless You.
Stay at home, **be creative**.

# u 
double, triple, quadruple, pentruple, sixtuple, septuble, aaaaaaaaa, octrupble, nonuple, dektruple, uuuuu
