# So
Let's say we bought a company. This company we bought is proprietary. But remember, in Perkedel Technologies, nothing is hidden, **all shared** (except password & anything that affect reputation badly of course, idk if idk), for you gamers. So how do we supposed to reveal everything as all as possible without being uhhh too sudden uhh AM uh.. yeah you know.

# Here's my trick, what I thought
1. License Open Source & Royalty Free immediately. From the point of the acquisition, all new things will be licensed any Royalty Free & Open Source only allowed. yeah, CC4.0-BY-SA for written things, and GNU GPL v3 (if haven't been that open source already, or maybe v2 if it was GNU GPL v2, idk) for codings.
2. Eat all the past things. Slowly but surely query all past things, and if that's not a password or whatever secret key, upload it & open source it! In case there was an embargo at the time of purchase, well let it go finish and no more no-leak-embargo allowed after this. Leaks? who cares? it'll eventually shared anyway, just.. don't brag it too soon, keep it as a regular commit push.
3. CONSUME. after everything, no drama, no bullpoops, no rejection, no cancer, no euwagh what is that called umm oh yeah **NECROSIS** (no it wasn't, I was talking about a limb that rots due to venom), bla bla bla hell, Emmerge everything, integrate everything, it's now ours. If the CEO of that company is a good person (e.g. loves open source & no longer care about leaks), welcome, otherwise pack up your stuff, bye bye. Look, we bought this company so we are not allowed to screw this up. Unless recklessly, we bought this because we love this idea, we wanna make sure it's better or to fix something that shouldn't have been broken but it did, and whatever increase trust yeah.

# And some more things
We could have case scenario, I get it. let me think which it is & what would I do with those here:
- Breaches. Contract breaches is no fun you know, so if something something, that could lead to something something. uh.. ok ummm...... hang on sec.. yeah uh, we gotta try bring back the member for the breach that anything but destroy reputation. wait, that.. UGH damnit. Congratulations, birbs. You've destroyed our precious treasure and now she's a whole but about similar different person on a different company, what the hell, acquiring another costs fortune again. `nazuna`
- Leaks. We've talked about this haven't we? Okay another case in category of leaks, bring it up again, uncancel the poops, work on it and be a day! idk what much simpler than this. I could just fire you because every leak you decided to go crazy, abuse everyone, fire everyone, and.. okay you.. already know what could happen next. If the finished result is not as what visioned, well I'm sorry, I've tried my best to uncancel everything, If only I could salvage their minds for what they would bring in this uh.... mods, thingy.. yeah, integrate them!
- Terriblis. We could get the CEO that has been found to be a *bad guy*. You know anything, physical or mental, lethal or not. Well for this one, I would just uh.. extract everything, leave the will uncopied, throw away, wait no don't throw away, FREEZE IT (lol Han Solo), idk.. See, it's radioactive, but I hate to see it gone just because of that, you may also thought about that. But you see, he already a gut that went too far this time. Look at this, 69420 refering a real life kid? **what the hell**?! dude, that's not cool! You could've thought something else different that doesn't exist this IRL verse at all, man!! okay yeah you know, such as SHADdy business decision, you see that, you don't want to be that guy, well you may, as long as you do not refer to anything exist irl (the actual person behind it, not the illustrative persona) except yourself okay, you gotta consent first. If the owner of the illustrative persona okays, go ahead do it while you can. But it doesn't mean you can go too far straight to the actual person, **NO!!! do not!**, especially if they explicitly no okay (well if they okay too, idk, but just.. don't do too much, I guess?).

# reben
Yeah, see, there's alot of things I think that we need to do when acquired a company. I cannot just simply buy and break open anything, no I can't. I need to make sure it still working well after doing the 1st step, while in background to upload everything too all yess. also not just that, I gotta fix everything error here, even the most difficult one like former CEO behaviour and reputation of that company yess.

geung

# geung
by JOELwindows7  
Perkedel Technologies  
CC4.0-BY-SA