# New! Create new branch
I have given functionality for Seven Keys. Create New Branch. Simple.

You know `git`? yeah, basically like that. When you create new branch, it'll branch from where branch you were in.

same with this. But, instead for prototyping way forward, it's more like.. the just in case litigation happened.

You see, This my Perkedel Cinematic Universe is basically fan fiction of everything I find. games, films, etc. I'd like to extend their story after the official story has finished. Can be many reason. I very like the ending & I'd like to add more stuff. I dislike this ending & I must make it at least good ending. etc. but basically around these two.

With that, comes responsibility. Not only the official owner agree with my fan fiction, but also other factors too. Dramas, toxicity, taboo, massive censorships, change of plot, betrayals, etc. These all makes what already implemented & even to be implemented becomes invalid and can risk the destruction of Perkedel Cinematic Universe. I tried my best to be careful but of course, *force majeur* exists.

If I insist certain element implemented shall not be canceled, then I will. But this will cause trouble if I keep it on this branch. Therefore, that's where I call these 7 keys to start creating branch from the time point now. When these people have made the branch, they will feel that there are a *doppleganger* of each of them. This is normal. Next they'll usually invisiblize the branch, so no offender can find it. It of course has disadvantage, the gaslight effect which violates transparency ethics in Perkedel Technologies. But again, it's forcedly have to because just what the f888?!

# Procedure
## Branching
- Seven Keys assembles! All 7 key holders scattered around this universe will teleport to one central place at the timeline core. it's like in a root folder where `.git` is.
- Insert keys! 7 key holders insert each key into the slot & twist unlock the administrative barrier. Now they can do git related task.
- Open barrier! Opening barrier will expose the timeline tree stem. Initially, it will looks like 1 thick cylinder cable. If there is already more than one, all holders will see that (and can ask Kaorfa what's the matter? something problem happened before?). For now observe this thick stem. the branch that you're currently in lights very brightest. if you are in an invisible branch, then you'll see none of the branches that lits.
- Start Branching! This is very scary because again it'll create double conflict. They will usually apologize to me the Kaorfa for having to damage the Perkedel Cinematic Universe by branching it out. I will usually accept if the problem is relevant to my issues & this one is unfortunately & forcedly necessary. After that, they slice the stem in shape of curve in / concaved. This exposes the inside stem and you can even see the floem (outer vein). Usually, you skin the stem exposing just one side of the xilem (inner vein). Do not cut or break the xilem! it contains high pressure time blood!! exploding it will bleed entire universe timeline & may corrupt most data. Just one side of floem!
- Fertilize the exposed xilem! Use the Brancher Fertilizer located in the Git Kit compartment, away from the stem. This special formula instantly grows the branch in instant. This is like [`git branch ALT_TIMELINE`](https://www.git-tower.com/learn/git/commands/git-checkout/ ). Note that you are not instantly being moved to a new alt timeline (`git checkout -b ALT_TIMELINE`). The new branch will quickly grow for about 20 cm to up.
- Conceal the branch! use the paint in the Git Kit compartment, `Censor` paint. then spray the new branch. this will make the branch becomes invisible & see-through. Note, only visible branch you were at can `Censor` new branch. I can also make the `Censor` in that branch stop working whenever I want to. This is called **Reveal the Truth**.
- Clean up! Close the barrier & remove the keys (twist back & take off). return all involved tools back into their place where they came from. You don't have to `push` because that will be my turn.

## Merging
Merging will usually be the task done only by me. No key holders needed to do this job. But if they wish to do so while I'm busy, here's how I do it.
- Create Pull Request! I will propose merging 2 different stems. I want to merge alt timeline into this current timeline.
- Resolve Conflict! As you can see, the *terrible stem* is 180 degrees different than *wished stem*. Of course, lots of things have changed in different ways. one is when she is illegal & we are destroyed, and another if she is still legal & we are prosper. I will then compare each of the events. I usually bring the current (VS code green) into the new part (VS code blue). then use the new one I've added with current
- Commit Merge! After all conflicts resolved, then I just commit the merge, & then push this newly fixed current branch.

There's caveats. The past will suddenly change & not all brains who involved with the event will receive the update that she has been relegalized miraculously like nothing ever happened. something feels like gaslighting went real. Many of the time this will cause distrust with me the Kaorfa. I will try my best to explain the whole situation that I have received e.g. litigation from a company I made fan fiction of then bla bla I will be sued stuff like that so I obey the poops here and there.. etc etc etc. like that. Of course, this won't 100% restore everything. Even I told that they should hate speech no wait **don't!**.. uh Even I told that they should blame the company that sued me. Right, you see fans doesn't like if I obeyed communist or what from the first place. But idk man, I just don't want to die, or lose something essential for my life & families. You gamers should help me to blame and mass flag that guy something something idk.

# FAQ
- Why I only see few or just one branch if we know there are lots of multiverses? That's because, the core container only shows multiverses owned by me the Kaorfa & has to be the visible one. Note that the multiverse that eligible to be owned is the one I mostly write & ones that transfered ownership to me, not other multiverse that mainly belongs not to me even if I had involved with it. Yeah, you can only hack my own universe, not somebody else's without ownership. To do that, you must fork that multiverse & then salvage everything you'd like. Be careful, most writers do not like it (hates fan fiction & would like to DMCA) therfore proceed at our own risk.
- You have a video game that are soulless, why isn't that shown? Because it's soulless means there is no lore. Tebenge e.g., is basically empty game created to immigrate in case of my reputation destruction. The nature of soulless makes it possible to detach any name that ties to trademark contaminated with scandals unlike other games film that had soul / lore. It is essential to keep us afloat & relevant while recovering from bunch of toxicities and whatever it is.
- is it possible to make the core shows somebody multiverses? Unfortunately, it's not possible. However, you can explore films games from the libraries of the world.
- Can someone with multiverse travel power travel through multiverse that isn't owned by you? Theoretically, it is possible. But of course, to collab with other people requires expensive considerations, not only from finance but also sacrifices needed to be made. The worst one is agreement between me & others, as the other parties are beyond my control hence their behaviour such as with copyright & control to the story are very difficult to handle & may even violate our motto (Share & Serve for Gratis, Open Source, & FULL VERSION!!!). Therefore for now, anyone with the power are only able to travel to branches mainly owned by me. the vice versa may applies, since we have strict rule enforcement regarding the license (GNU GPL v3 for code, CC4.0-BY-SA for story) of the part of the story going forward.
- What do they need to comply in order for someone's OC or parts enters ours? Basic rule is to comply with our motto above. Contributors (expected to) must give without asking anything in return, must be transparent complete with all the assets if they made it (the asset will also have to be made public, download link 3D model & MIDIs yess!), & must be all complete no breaks no tier, all full. This rule only applies for contributors submitting parts of their work to our universe. contributors are still allowed to make their own universe at any license & paywall (for now), but still expected to allow reyoinks that makes the license our license (you keep the original universe & your license & paywalls put). Just this one (for now) that must be $0, Open Source, & FULL VERSION.
- Do you accept request or commission? I do not accept request or commission (for now). However you are free to suggest which stuffs to be made a fan fiction, & what's your OC you'd like for us to make story for it.

# .
Play Tebenge now on Google Play [here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Perkedel.tebenge )! 
- Web https://sites.google.com/view/perkedel/applications/tebenge
- Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Perkedel.tebenge
I have made this little soulless game that has nothing but just empty & one inspiration somewhere [perifractic](https://www.youtube.com/c/Perifractic/videos ) (I forgot which video that has Perifractic's daughter's C64 walk prototype game pls help!). Expand this walk, into rogue with a twist. I declared this reputation backup, because this is nothing to do with Perkedel Cinematic Universe. Just by looking the form factor (ew!!! 2D in 2022?!?!) that mean it's nothing to do with Perkedel Cinematic Universe, So even if I somehow got my reputation screwed, I can hopefully still up & distribute this, like if it wasn't related to me.


by JOELwindows7  
Perkedel Technologies  
CC4.0-BY-SA